TKC55 - The Knitters Conference 55
It is meant for 5 people for 5 days. Those people are:
* TKW - The Knitting Wife
* His husband, that is me
* Participant #1
* Participant #2
* Participant #3

TKC should be held in secret at secret places with private access to Finnish Sauna or similar facilities. The use of electronic devices and access to the Internet during the TKC should be discussed beforehand.

Participants for the first TKC should be:
* Angela Merkel 
* Vladimir Putin 
* Kim Jong Un

I bet Angela Merkel would simply agree. Then, Putin will be faced with two options: either he agrees to participate, 
or all the world will know that Putin chickened out to meet The Knitting Wife. 
I think Putin has no option but to agree to attend. And then poor Kim has no option to refuse.

The best place for the first TKC would be a special camp built by the finnisch construction workers at some nice location in North Korea.

If the TKC comes to no conclusion at all, then nobody will ever know it did take place at all.

The thing is that for the time of now, Kim Jong Un is the person who could make the biggest impact on our common future. By taking this step, he would be remembered by all the world for centuries as the 
person who fixed the world. It is rather simple thing to-do: Kim should declare North Korea to become worlds first defenseless country. He would recognize that there is no external threat to North Korea, 
if North Korea goes defenseless. NK can stop immediatly any funding of army, defense and secret service. Stop all development of any rockets. Limit space development to CubeSat-based co-operation with other countries.
NK army can be re-organized to become rescue team for natural disasters. So if some country has a problem, the NK people would come to help. NK can only win by this.

Thing is if NK goes defenseless, what about other countries? Who will be next? Other countries still spending a lot on the military would all look bad compared to NK. Everybody would say, look what they did, and they are
not afraid, why are we still investing that much in military? A global demilitarisation would take place.

But what if nothing comes out from the first TKC meeting? I guess then Vladimir Putin would have an extra pair of knitted socks.
